they're big they're ugly and they're
coming to get us is the invasion of the
monster king crab king crab is the
largest crustacean in the world and
they're heading for Britain Norway has a
massive problem with a huge giant king
crabs
they're just breed in the breeding of
breeding reducing the fish stocks and
causing a huge property of the king crab
that come to England are frozen its are
now gonna catch one and kill one and see
what actually tastes like fresh from the
sea
two flights and eight hours later my
landing token s where I met my local
carpenter
Lars Petter I have to be it never been
this far up it's [ __ ] freezing here
there's certainly one way to get around
in Norwegian Lapland and it's not by car
we're heading over the mountains and
down to the frozen thawed which is where
the crowds hang out
unbelievable you get like a child again
yes it's too much
until Hawaii
50,000 crabs live under this ice and if
you want to catch one we're gonna have
to dive down beneath it I'd never be
nice diving have done lots of diving but
it's a special kind of diving and you
need their skills but we will try now
don't make the hole too small I want to
get out easy just take those [ __ ]
things are huge
I've never died as I seen before
that's one leg any water get in there is
that feel like a big [ __ ] cotton bomb
right i starving can be extremely
dangerous as it is so easy to get
disorientated in the freezing dark water
I'm [ __ ] myself crab you should just
grab one of the legs the claws are very
strong so they can snap your finger and
even yeah Maura so if I'm slipping
everyone yeah watch out for my wood yeah
yes could be cold down there before I
already snapped off
[ __ ] me it's freezing we could get
hypothermia if we stay down too long so
we've got to be quick but that's easier
said than done I can see the crabs but I
can't see the surface these freakish
priests grow up to six foot wide and
have no natural predators so it's dad's
words that bring their invasion under
control
a lot Harden I thought it would be the
size of the thing just siting and look
beautiful my balls feel like two big
[ __ ] ice cubes
Naza show me how to catch a giant crab
now we'll show him a new way to eat it
but first I gotta kill it
yep lennick dead now it's clearly now
yep yep we cut off the legs
unball them in seawater for 15 minutes
discarding the body which isn't that
good to eat because the quality of the
king crab is so delicious it doesn't
need much more yeah so I'm just gonna do
something very very simple with the
creme fraiche mayonnaise and some
tarragon
yeah and some lime okay
I'm making the sauce by mixing equal
amounts of mayonnaise and creme fraiche
with some lime zest salt and pepper
roughly chopped tarragon and freshly
squeezed lime juice delicious nice
lovely you can try to break the meantime
here in if you're lucky keep your whole
the meat will come out like this lovely
it's the size of a lobster tail isn't it
now look at that
pan it smells and looks amazing this is
what I've been waiting for
after lists my god I actually now think
I prefer to lobster so much softer and
sweeter so anymore
what do I have to go back down and get
another one [ __ ] up with Gary's help
are soft green around three hours and
their work going anywhere